coming to live from American Airlines
away to in Miami is the Miami Heat and a
Minnesota timber wolf
hi I'm marveled at along with the czar
Mike fratello let's listen in as the
starting lineup is introduced
the Timberwolves get possession
Serbia risers from the parameter frames
the three
wait for the post
these making it difficult for the other
team to score points his defensive
position it was exceptional during that
play Butler doesn't take the fake
personal foul number one
good on the first
it drops
Szczerbiak makes them all
Szczerbiak horseman through just in
midair and it was enough to make that
shot miss its mark that was a nice
defensive way here's Serbia counted for
two there seems to be a lack of
defensive responsibilities I agree Czar
they gave up an easy basket on that one
Wade handling with the penetration he is
not
he hasn't been able to hit from the
field
he doesn't bite on the fake no good from
three-point land mother was able to
contest that shot and forced to miss
we're seeing some nice defense with him
right now
Szczerbiak advances the ball
Butler up on the shooter it's good from
downtown
Asura is preventing the other team from
getting second chance opportunities
they're working very hard to rebound the
basketball at the defensive end
good save into Serbia from outside yes
Abel hit from long range
and the foul the shot will count and
he'll go to the line to try or make it
for four-point play
Wayne working from the middle oh it's
denied you read the offensive player
perfectly that was a very impressive
defensive play by all the candy buckler
did fight off that one can't hit from
downtown the rebound chased down by
Jones the twos filled room they
dominated the board so fought rebounding
has been a major factor today the nice
fake misfires from three motto extended
himself there to force him into the
difficult shot
Jones challenged the three and they were
difficult for the offensive player to
connect marco is an example Greek
perimeter defense Serbia looking to hit
counted for two
although a candy with the big-time
rejection is making a statement
defensively czar that was quite a blonde
the fries good from downtown they did
not make a good enough effort to get
back on defense the other team shouldn't
be able to score that easily in
transition Joan pulling up from the
perimeter it was above there from
downtown
bunga takes the bait Szczerbiak is
fouled and will shoot free from line he
gets it to fall the Timberwolves are
playing outstanding basketball Marv
this game is on the verge of being a
blowout and we're still in the first
quarter it's good
Szczerbiak hits them all he sucks up on
the right
oh come on from downtown good fake
hooker challenges the shot can't get the
three from downtown Wade with the
chopper gets for two
Serbia bringing it up court he butcher
contested the shot Szczerbiak is fouled
on the shot and he'll head to the line
it drops
makes the second serbia gets them all to
drop
wait it takes it inside comes up empty
let's see if they go for the two-for-one
here is more than enough time to get a
good shot off and still get the ball
back for another try before the buzzer
Serbia from the perimeter
misfires from downtown
go ahead isn't really feeling it
defensively that block should send the
message to the other team 14 seconds
showing on the clock
Serbia challenged by lamplight he misses
another from downtown out of five on the
court can't get from the pain
a first corner is in the books the
Timberwolves lead by 18 that was a very
impressive offensive performance I'll be
looking to extend the lead even further
in the second quarter